Assembly/README.md, before:

# Assembly Package
Made a package to contain code used for modelling microbial ecosystem assembly with the inclusion of end product inhibition.
The functions should be contained in a module in Assembly.jl.
I keep test scripts in test.jl.
Old functions that are no longer usable but worth saving are stored (temporarily) in grave.jl.
The scripts that I used to plot the graphs used in the Syntrophy SI document are saved in asmbplots.jl.
I have made a script called MyPlots.jl to store functions to assist plotting.\
The simulate folder contains scripts that run simulations and return results.
I have a script called mars.jl that implements the model from Marsland et al.
In the same folder I also have a script called inhib.jl that implements an extended model with thermodynamic end product inhibition included.
The script analytic.jl contains analytic functions to assist the simulation scripts.\
The folder named parameters contains scripts that construct custom made Parameters Types.
The constructor for the parameter type used in the Marsland model is found in marsParameters.jl in the parameters folder.
The constructor for the parameter type used in our extended model is found in inhibParameters.jl in the parameters folder.
The file make_inhib.jl provides functions to make various parameter sets for the model with inhibition.\
Have also created a folder called analysis where scripts that analyse the output can be kept.
In this folder the script compare.jl attempts to compare output from the base and extended model for as similar as possible parameters.
The script lyapunov.jl investigates how the Lyapunov exponents can be used for simple networks.\
I will have to decide what do when I have a lot of complicated functions at a later date.
At present all images are being plotted into an Output folder, this will have to be changed eventually.
All output data is stored in Data this can probably be preserved.\

Commit message:

Brough README up to date

Assembly/README.md, after:

# Assembly Package
Made a package to contain code used for modelling microbial ecosystem assembly with the inclusion of end product inhibition.
The structure of the module is provided in Assembly.jl.
I have made a script called MyPlots.jl to store functions to assist plotting.\
The simulate folder contains scripts that run simulations and return results.
In this folder the script called inhib.jl that implements an extended model with thermodynamic end product inhibition included.
The script analytic.jl contains analytic functions to assist the simulation scripts.
The script proteome.jl runs a more complex model including proteome fractions for the single species (two metabolite) case.\
The folder named parameters contains scripts that construct custom made Parameters Types.
The constructor for the parameter type used in our extended model is found in inhibParameters.jl in the parameters folder.
The file make_inhib.jl provides functions to make various parameter sets for the model with inhibition.
The constructor for the parameter type used in our proteome fraction model is found in protParameters.jl in the parameters folder.
The file make_prot.jl provides functions to make various parameter sets for the proteome model.\
Have also created a folder called analysis where scripts that analyse the output can be kept.
In this folder the script compare.jl compares the output of the inhibition model for a number of different parameter choices.
The file atpdata.jl reads in a data file and plots the data as a scatter plot.
The file repeat.jl simulates an ecosystem with repeated invasions over a long time period.
The output from this can then be plotted using plot_repeat.jl.
Various tests of the single population proteome model are performed by singpop_prot.jl.\
At present all images are being plotted into an Output folder.
All input data is stored in Data.
Parameter sets are saved to the Paras folder.\
